#summary Instructions for LiteTouch 2000 plugin for Vera
= Introduction =
This plugin is for the MiCasaVerde Vera and adds support for the LiteTouch 2000 system.  It is known to work with UI5, no other versions have been tested.  It supports dimmer and relay loads, and polling with the right cable.  It will NOT work with the 5000LC controller, it only supports the ASCII protocol which is spoken by both the Compact and Standard CCU.

This protocol doesn't support anything to enumerate the loads, so you'll need to define them all yourself when setting up the plugin.  Examples of loads would be 01-1, 03-4, or 10-6.  These are NOT keypad identifiers, these are load identifiers.  If you have the standard CCU, you can go into the LCD interface on it and view the loads that are assigned to each button.  Or, you can open up your panels and look at the dimmer and relay modules to see where the little dials are set to find out the ID.  The "10" in "10-6" is the module number, and the "6" is the output number.  10-6 would be the load.  Keep track of which are dimmer modules and which are relay modules.


= Requirements =
  * UI5
  * Standard or Compact CCU
  * A working USB->serial converter.  There is plenty of info on this on the MiCasaVerde forums.
  * LiteTouch Implementation cable.  You can make this with pins 2, 3, and 5 straight through.  If you want polling to work, you will need to bridge pins 7 & 8 at the CCU side (don't hook them up to your Vera).  The best way to make a cable is to get 2 RJ45->RS232 converters (ask your favorite network guy, he's got a drawer full)

= Setup = 
  # Install the plugin, restart LUUP
  # Go into the settings tab for the plugin, select your serial interface, restart LUUP
  # Go into the advanced tab and set the *RelayLoads* and *DimmerLoads* variables.  Enter them as a comma separated list with no spaces, for example: "07-1,07-2,07-3,07-4,07-5,07-6,08-1,08-2,08-3,08-4,08-5,08-6,09-1,09-2,10-1,10-2,10-3,10-4,10-5,10-6"
  # Restart LUUP

Now all of your devices will show up.  As they are polled, the statuses will start updating.  Setting a load through Vera will poll the device immediately.  Otherwise, polling runs down a list of loads and polls one every two seconds, only to start back at the top after they've all been polled.  There are some limitations in the serial protocol which forced it to be done this way.

You can now name your devices and start assigning them to rooms.

= Future enhancements = 
  * Exponential dimming for those that use LED lighting.  Unfortunately, this will be a global setting for all devices controlled by the plugin, and not on a per switch basis.  There will be a variable to set the exponent value.  
  * Ability to set the fade time for dimmers.  Again, this will be global for all dimmers controlled by the plugin.  Another limitation is that it's in whole seconds, no fractions of a second allowed because of limitations with the LiteTouch system.